psychology has AH lot of different areas. Um, there are areas that look
at relationships between people. So social psychology, looking at,
like groups and things like that. There's cultural psychology, looking
at different cultures. There is a sensation and perception, which
is kind of like bio psychology. And you could argue that it's like
a sub field of bio psychology where you're specifically focusing on
how we bring sensory information into our bodies and how we process
that, uh, developmental psychology. Looking at how you know how people
grow up and age. Even so, going it, developmental psychology spans
the whole lifespan. So there's, you know, from birth, maybe even
before birth. Thio death. Um, there's bio psychology, which is my preferred
realm, um, their statistical psychology. So there's some psychologists
that just look at statistics and how they work. Um, there's
industrial organizational psychology, which looks at how companies
work or large groups of people work. Um, there are so many facets
of psychology. It is really just surprising how many different little
niches of psychology there are